[RLlib][Docs] Restructure Utils API page (#33358)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/package_ref/utils.rst

RLlib Utilities
===============

Here is a list of all the utilities available in RLlib.

Exploration API
---------------

> Exploration in RL is crucial for a learning agent in order to more easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exploration is crucial in RL for enabling a learning agent to find new, potentially high-reward states by reaching unexplored areas of the environment.
```

reach areas of the environment that have not been discovered so far and therefore

> find new states yielding possibly high rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

RLlib comes with several built-in exploration components, used by

> the different algorithms. Also users can customize an algo's exploration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the different algorithms use. Users can also customize an algorithm's exploration
```

behavior by sub-classing the Exploration base class and implementing
their own logic:

> Some Built-in Exploration Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in Exploration Components
```

behavior by sub-classing the Exploration base class and implementing
their own logic:

Some Built-in Exploration Components
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.exploration

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/
   :template: autosummary/class_with_autosummary.rst

   ~exploration.Exploration
   ~random.Random
   ~stochastic_sampling.StochasticSampling
   ~epsilon_greedy.EpsilonGreedy
   ~gaussian_noise.GaussianNoise
   ~ornstein_uhlenbeck_noise.OrnsteinUhlenbeckNoise
   ~random_encoder.RE3
   ~curiosity.Curiosity
   ~parameter_noise.ParameterNoise

Inference
~~~~~~~~~
.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.get_exploration_action

Callback hooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.before_compute_actions
   ~exploration.Exploration.on_episode_start
   ~exploration.Exploration.on_episode_end
   ~exploration.Exploration.postprocess_trajectory

Setting and getting the states
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.get_state
   ~exploration.Exploration.set_state

Scheduler API
-------------

> Scheduler are used to set scheduled values for varibles (in python, PyTorch or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a scheduler to set scheduled values for variables (in Python, PyTorch, or 
```

TensorFlow) based on a (int64) timestep input. The computed values are usually float32 
types.

> Some Built-in Scheduler Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in scheduler components
```

RLlib Utilities
===============

Here is a list of all the utilities available in RLlib.

Exploration API
---------------

Exploration is crucial in RL for enabling a learning agent to find new, potentially high-reward states by reaching unexplored areas of the environment.

RLlib has several built-in exploration components that
the different algorithms use. You can also customize an algorithm's exploration
behavior by sub-classing the Exploration base class and implementing
your own logic:

> Built-in exploration components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in Exploration components
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I didn't realize that Exploration is an RLlib component. In that case, it should be capitalized.

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.exploration

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/
   :template: autosummary/class_with_autosummary.rst

   ~exploration.Exploration
   ~random.Random
   ~stochastic_sampling.StochasticSampling
   ~epsilon_greedy.EpsilonGreedy
   ~gaussian_noise.GaussianNoise
   ~ornstein_uhlenbeck_noise.OrnsteinUhlenbeckNoise
   ~random_encoder.RE3
   ~curiosity.Curiosity
   ~parameter_noise.ParameterNoise

Inference
~~~~~~~~~
.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.get_exploration_action

Callback hooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.before_compute_actions
   ~exploration.Exploration.on_episode_start
   ~exploration.Exploration.on_episode_end
   ~exploration.Exploration.postprocess_trajectory

Setting and getting the states

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~exploration.Exploration.get_state
   ~exploration.Exploration.set_state

Scheduler API
-------------

Use a scheduler to set scheduled values for variables (in Python, PyTorch, or 
TensorFlow) based on an (int64) timestep input. The computed values are usually float32 
types.

> Built-in scheduler components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in Scheduler components
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I didn't realize that Scheduler was the name of an object.

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.schedules

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/
   :template: autosummary/class_with_autosummary.rst

   ~schedule.Schedule
   ~constant_schedule.ConstantSchedule
   ~linear_schedule.LinearSchedule
   ~piecewise_schedule.PiecewiseSchedule
   ~exponential_schedule.ExponentialSchedule
   ~polynomial_schedule.PolynomialSchedule

Methods
~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~schedule.Schedule.value
   ~schedule.Schedule.__call__

.. _train-ops-docs:

Training Operations Utilities
-----------------------------

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.execution.train_ops

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~multi_gpu_train_one_step
   ~train_one_step

Framework Utilities
-------------------

Import utilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.framework

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~try_import_torch
   ~try_import_tf
   ~try_import_tfp

> Tensorflow Utilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensorflow utilities
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.tf_utils

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~explained_variance
   ~flatten_inputs_to_1d_tensor
   ~get_gpu_devices
   ~get_placeholder
   ~huber_loss
   ~l2_loss
   ~make_tf_callable
   ~minimize_and_clip
   ~one_hot
   ~reduce_mean_ignore_inf
   ~scope_vars
   ~warn_if_infinite_kl_divergence
   ~zero_logps_from_actions

> Torch Utilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Torch utilities
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. currentmodule:: ray.rllib.utils.torch_utils  

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: doc/

   ~apply_grad_clipping
   ~concat_multi_gpu_td_errors
   ~convert_to_torch_tensor
   ~explained_variance
   ~flatten_inputs_to_1d_tensor
   ~get_device
   ~global_norm
   ~huber_loss
   ~l2_loss
   ~minimize_and_clip
   ~one_hot
   ~reduce_mean_ignore_inf
   ~sequence_mask
   ~warn_if_infinite_kl_divergence
   ~set_torch_seed
   ~softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits
   ~Swish

> Numpy Utilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numpy utilities
```
